Ye Jianghu, I thought you had a heart to repent
I didn't expect you to collude with Xiao Lingtian secretly
Ye Lili deserves to be a family with you
Full of scum
I shouldn't have let you go
Let's just say you missed your chance
We climbed Xiao Jia
Got tickets to the auction
I'll give you one more chance.
Kneel down and crawl over and lick our shoes clean
How many times does the dog bark?
Don't say that Miss Ben is in a good mood, I will take you in.
So that your woman may be saved
Do you think so?
He dreams
Then you go to hell.
What are the security guards still doing?
Kick this idle person out for me
Don't dirty the facade of the Xiao family
Wait a minute except invite us
There should be other progress.
I don't believe in the Xiao family
Invitations will be sent one by one.
You got that right.
You can have the endorsement of the top forces in the capital.
But you boy may be able to mix like a fish in the provincial capital
Deshui, but this is the capital
I advise you to go back where you came from
Top Power
I know. You know what?
The top forces in the capital will take care of you
Did you hurt yourself?
That's not necessarily the case.
Hello President Shangguan
Please do me a favor
I want to enter Xiao's house for auction